README.md, before:

# St. Emmi Konzerte
A history of live shows of my rock band St. Emmi

## Tasks

World Map with Google Maps API
• Research for a method to integrate the Google Maps API into a Vue-Component to display a world map.
• For each blog post, put a marker on the map at the location of the post.
• Initially the map gets centered by the newest blog post entry.
Display Blog Posts at Location
• Make the markers clickable: on click, show the short preview of the blog post in the "InfoWindow".
• It contains:
   • title
   • visiting date
   • authors image and name (can be hardcoded)
   • Place a link, which links to the detail page: /post/:id
   • The InfoWindow can be closed by clicking on the "x" (which is placed at right-top in the InfoWindow

---


PreviewContainer:
- When user clicks on one of the listed blog post than she gets linked to the detail page /post/:id

GoogleMaps:
- Formatting of the container (same height as Previewcontainer)
- Map
- Marker
- PreviewBox

Common:
- Author (Image & Name)

Create Additional pages:
- Contact Page
- Detail Page

Try different Maps:
GoogleMaps / MapBox / OpenStreetMap

Commit message:

fix: img size handling, fetching data works properly now

README.md, after:

# St. Emmi Konzerte
A history of live shows of my rock band St. Emmi

## Tasks
- split json files
- fetch data on mount
- fetch only in the child who needs the data
- fetch on demand
- use vue router and views
- implement key at v-for
- check pictures for contain / cover
- use optional chaining or v-if/-else for fetched data (loading...)

- Use this for mapbox: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@studiometa/vue-mapbox-gl 


World Map with Google Maps API
- Research for a method to integrate the Google Maps API into a Vue-Component to display a world map.
- For each blog post, put a marker on the map at the location of the post.
- Initially the map gets centered by the newest blog post entry.
Display Blog Posts at Location
- Make the markers clickable: on click, show the short preview of the blog post in the "InfoWindow".
- It contains:
   - title
   - visiting date
   - authors image and name (can be hardcoded)
   - Place a link, which links to the detail page: /post/:id
   - The InfoWindow can be closed by clicking on the "x" (which is placed at right-top in the InfoWindow

---


PreviewContainer:
- When user clicks on one of the listed blog post than she gets linked to the detail page /post/:id

GoogleMaps:
- Formatting of the container (same height as Previewcontainer)
- Map
- Marker
- PreviewBox

Common:
- Author (Image & Name)

Create Additional pages:
- Contact Page
- Detail Page

Try different Maps:
GoogleMaps / MapBox / OpenStreetMap

Backend: Use a different github repo
Express: Use one route per table
